watches womens gymnastic all around. only masturbates once
gets Dumped. doesn't post song lyrics on facebook
Has cute girls for friends. doesn't bang them
Takes kids out on haLloween. Doesn't Pretend he ate their candy and then post to youtube
Gets Rick Roll'd . Listens to entire song
notices he reposted. deletes post
Could be a member of mensa. Isn't
claims is gonna do something big. does
PLAYS any MMORPG. PICKS support class
Student is late to class. Doesn't say anything
Downloads music. from itunes
sees you mispelled word in email. mispells it too so you don't feel dumb
saves bad luck brian . from insanity wolf
Someone incorrectly used a meme. Likes it anyway
 dislikes the new facebook. doesnt switch to google plus
not god tier. doesn't care
Falls for the same girl as his friend. acts as his wingman
donates to 3 charities close to his heart. tells no one
still a friend of. scumbag steve
Prefers BF3. Understands you playing MW3
Somebody tHat you used to know. Doesn'T cut you off
Hears you're a virgin. lends you his sister
Posts on reddit. warns you about spoiler
Has the opportunity to make first comment. Doesn't comment "FIRST"
uses the last ice cube. fills up tray
trying to find words to describe this girl without being disrespectful. says "beautiful young lady."
Jehovah's witnesses show up at his door. Listens to what they have to say
1 piece of toilet paper left. shits his pants
Doesn't Skip. Youtube Ad's
Telemarketer calls:. Listens to whole pitch before politely declining
hey man. your backpack's open
sees weak guy getting bullied. takes on four guys at once to help him
end of party. let's you crash at his place
girlfriend asks for lion king dvd. takes her to broadway production instead
becomes a meme. not mocked for being white
wants to cross low traffic street. uses the crosswalk
FAVORITE CLASS IS SNIPER. PLAYS MEDIC BECAUSE TEAM already has 3
february. genuinely celebrates black history
sees guy drop soap. picks it up for him
Sees Dark Night Rises At midnight. Doesn't talk about it on Facebook the next day
missed call from mom. calls her back
Gets timeline. enjoys it
uses last piece of toliet paper. replaces roll
hears old joke. still laughs
 gets a text in the middle of a conversation. waits till its finished before he replys
Gets insulted in meme war. Still thinks it is funny 
FRIEND HAS TO CANCEL. DOESN'T WHINE ABOUT IT
Female student offer to repay your tutoring in "Another Way". tell her to buy you lunch instead
Plays you in play station 3 fifa. observes real Football etiquette
Annoying fly in his room. Catchs it and releases it outside
goes to jail. to teach inmates how to read
greg dude i wish i could smoke, but i'm totally outta weed. already rolling
"were almost there". isnt lying
meets the silly rabbit. gives him some trix
BEST FRIEND SAID HE's gay. still being his friend
toilet paper almost gone. finishes it and replaces roll
Sees a passed out guy at party. doesn't draw on them
says brb. is actually back soon
Can't sleep cause neighbour's having loud sex. happy for him
Buys a new Single player game. Let's you play first while he watches
athiest. doesn't argue on facebook with christians
Sees a tolrtd rip. nukes before distribution
was down with activism before it was suddenly cool. still doesn't think it's lame
 adele. doesnt think she's fat
want to remove his USB-Stick. Uses the "SAFELY REMOVE HARDWARE"-function
Passes homeless man asking for food, gets him chipotle. with guacamole
talks to the girl you like and makes her laugh. then hooks you two up
gets killed on cod. congratulates guy on a good kill
Knows you Farted. Takes the Blame
sees your pack of gum. doesn't ask for a piece
Chuck Norris better?. so be it, dude...
decides to make a positive change in life. doesn't post on facebook about it
sees standing old woman on bus. doesn't pretend to be asleep
Breaks your copy of LA Noire. REplaces it with Skyrim on Release day
gETS JOB AS A GOALKEEPER. LET TORRES SCORE
Love interest calls with boyfriend problems. encourages her
never. uses comic sans
Borrows lawn mOwer. MOws your lawn too
Finds mate's GWP post. upvotes then doesn't tell a soul
Friend does horrible stand-up. laughs at his terrible joke anyway
Gay guy asks him out. says no thanks, but tells him he's flattered
Sees people debating religion and atheism on reddit. decides not to get involved
hates war. understands war is politics and respects the soldier
INTRODUCES FOREVER ALONE . TO OVERLY ATTACHED GIRLFRIEND
Walks upstairs behind girls wearing skirts. looks away
Designated driver third time in a row. Just glad he gets everyone home safe
sees misused meme. appreciates the effort
Doesnt understand your meme. still upvotes it
Finds out he's Wrong . Admits it and apologises
CONQUERS YOUR NATION. OFFERS YOU BETTER QUALITY OF LIFE
Meets justin beiber. shoots him
PLAYS CoD 6. skips "no russian" mission
Makes pb&amp;J at your house. Washes knife between jars
find strange girl crying. stop and try to help
Downloads winrar. actually buys the program when 40 day trial is up
Takes embarrassing picture of you. Deletes it without showing anyone
Has political Opinions. Keeps them To Himself
Have  dinner at friend's house. wash the dishes from everyone
SNORTS BATH SALT. DOESN'T EAT YOUR FACE
plays skyrim. does not make joke about arrow to the knee
sees you typing. waits
Knows the punchline to your joke. lets you finish, acts like he never heard it before
hears perfect opportunity to make a 'your mom' joke. changes subject instead.
stuck in friendzone. cherishes and values freindship
Goes to Gym. Spots random people
Plays skyrim. doesn't steal anything
standing in grocery line. sees you have less items, lets you go in front
SMOKES POT. Offers you some, Doesn't criticise you if you don't, doesn't care if you criticise him
weed supplier for many friends. never makes any profit from that
plays gta. stops at traffic lights
He sees you drivin round town with the girl he loves and hes like. good for you
installs program. reads terms and agreements
Plays legend of zelda. doesn't smash other people's pottery
Buys african slaves. sets them free
Follows traffic rules. in grand theft auto
Sees your mom is a total milf. never mentions it
Graduates. stays in touch
Sees steve jobs died. doesnt post on facebok
DIES IN GEARS OF WAR. WHILE REVIVING YOU
Visits Tower of Pisa. Doesn't get photo of him holding it up
Actually liked it before anyone else. doesn't bring it up
is an atheist. doesn't make fun of your religion
finds money in last year's winter jacket. uses it to buy beers for friends
It's 11/11/11. doesn't make a status about it
READS PERSONAL APPEAL FROM JIMMY WALES. DONATES 12 DOLLARS TO WIKIPEDIA
So sincerely friendly. That people always think he's being sarcastic
makes a burger for a cop. Does not spit in it
Upvotes Popular Meme. Downvotes copies of it
Finds your car in his drive. washes it
Buys all the alcohol. designated driver
finds a girls cell phone. returns it and doesnt go through her pic's
windows wants to restart. clicks "restart now"
calls foul bachelor frog And socially awkward penguin. his best friends
Plays gta. respects traffic light
stands up for gay rights. is straight
comments on your status. likes all your responses
meets scumbag steve. teaches him the error of his ways
Forever alone sent me a friend request. accepted...
Final Bell rings. helps teacher clean up
Plays rock band. chooses bass
Girl wants to go all the way. tells her to wait for the right guy
KILLS EVERYONE IN WHITERUN. PAYS THE BOUNTY
Alone in public bathroom. Still washes hands
doesnt hate on carl . for killing dale
notices girl sticking out her boobs at him . maintains eye contact 
Says "I Love You". Means it
PLAYS POKER. NEVER bluffs
food you made tastes like shit. eats it all and pays compliment
Believes in God. has no problem voting for an atheist
mom doesn't ask me to do the dishes. does them anyway
local children come trick or treating. doesn't pretend not to be home
Goes 'BRB'. Actually COMES 'BACK'
Sends you his mid-term study guide. just because
Borrows Your Car. Brings It BAck Fully FUELED
IT's SNOWING. DOESN'T WRITE A FACEBOOK POST
Downloads Movie. Comments on A/V
GETS UP FROM THE BENCH. WIPES THE SWEAT
Sees you rollin'. doesn't hate
Became facebook fan of whitney. before she died
Takes Ice cold shower in Lockroom. So Shrinkage gives rest of team ego boost
Plays Assassin's creed,. never pick-pockets civilians
sees No one likes your facebook status. likes it anyway
MET Y U NO GUY. SOLVED ALL HIS PROBLEMS
walked into mordor . so frodo didn't have to
sees headlights on in parking lot. tells management
sees sexy 19 year old girl in a low cut top. offers her his coat as its freezing
see's an attention seeking status with no likes. likes it
goes back to college. doesn't make a fb status about it
WATCHES PORNO. LEAVES TASTEFUL REVIEW
Scumbag steve cheats with his girlfriend. he shakes his hand and thanks him for keeping the  world balance of good and evil
Says he'll be there in 5 minutes. is there in 5 minutes
can play guitar well. Doesn't Use it to pick up girls at parties
plays GTA. pays prostitutes promptly and doesn't shoot them in head
Is an Athiest. Still says "Bless You" when you sneeze
Friends facebook account is logged in. logs off
Scores a touchdown. doesn't victory dance
Volunteers. for hunger games
carry the whole game. says "good job team"
PLays You IN NBA 2k12. Selects Bobcats
Turns on the tv. asks which channel you want to watch
eats a tasty meal. doesn't upload a picture of it on facebook
Borrows sixty dollars for weed. pays you back plus interest
SAYS LITTLE GIRL WITH CANCER IS BEAUTIFUL. ACTUALLY MEANS IT
puts 2 black characters in a movie. so one of them can survive
SEES PLAYER AFK. DON'T KILL HIM
Plays league of legends. AuTolocks support
It's his birthday. Doesn't mention it to anyone
Knows they're gonna feed. keep calling them to a game anyway
Doing your mom.  a favour!
asign homework for kids . to rip the work and watch tv
website is down.... Reports the problem
listen to classic music. buys you metallica tickets
Steals your identity. improves credit score and pays shit for you
doesn't always use wrong meme, but when he does. it's not a problem
invites socially awkward penguin. into conversation
Birthday. Give a gift to mom cause she gives me life
slow driver ahead. doesn't tailgate
hits already burnt part of the bowl. saves last green hit for you
has unique job or hobby. doesn't post shitty meme on what people think it's like
Knows you're a patriot's fan. Doesn't make fun of you
has substitute teacher. doesn't misbehave
meets forever alone. friends with him
Talks to your crush at party. Totally talks you up
I Have Read And Accept The Terms And Conditions. Actually has read them
Doesn't like justin bieber. doesn't hate justin bieber
spots two girls in bar. leaves you the hot one
meets jewish person. doesn't mention the holocaust
knows you want to become an adventurer. takes arrow to the knee for you
Talks to hot girl with big boobs wearing a bikini. Keeps eye contact
asks if want to play game. gives you 1st player
types "lol". really laughs out loud
ASKS TO BORROW A PENCIL. GIVES IT BACK
Wins millions of dollars in lottary. Dates semi attractive woman because he loves her
Opens uTorrent. just to make uploads
GOES TO THE TOILET AT THE CINEMA. DUCKS UNDER THE SCREEN ON HIS WAY PAST
Dog throws up. takes blame 
plays tf2. goes medic
Plays mario. lets bowser have peach
takes a shit in public stall. flushes
sees an awesome meme on memegenerator. doesn't copy it
SEES SPECIAL KIDS AT SCHOOL. DOESN'T THINK IT'S FUNNY
rolls a joint. lets you light it!
Good guy greg. hangs out with forever alone guy
scents fart. is happy for his friend's relief
Makes Sandwiches. all For his Mom and Girlfriend
band goes   mainstream. still a fan
had a rough day. doesnt post drama on Fb
went to toilet. just to fart
membership runs out. help out people in f2p lumbridge
sees scumbag steve almost has as many likes. *smiles*
Orders Mix Grill for two accidentally. Calls Forever alone guy to hang out
dates rihanna. doesn't beat her
single on valentines day. doesn't care
gives a girl the time of day. doesn't expect to be rewarded with sex
won't come. until you do
takes a shit. opens the window
Gives to charity. tells no one
accidentally killed an ant. bury it at the CEMETERY 
Sees friend sleeping . Covers them up
Dates overly attached girlfriend. helps her to become more secure
rents foreign movie. doesn't get pissed about subtitles
KNOWS FRIEND DOESN'T LIKE WEED. SHOWS UP WITH A SIX PACK INSTEAD
suffers from depression. helps his friend who's feeling down
sees you choose charmander. chooses bulbasaur
is an atheist. doesn't constantly update his facebook talking about how religious people are idiots
goes to the bathroom and no one is there. washes his hands anyway
Turns 21. doesnt use it as an excuse to drink everyday
creates a meme. doesn't upvote it
feels condom break. tells girlfriend
buys girl a drink. only wants conversation
pirates a videogame. goes out and buys a copy of it anyways
Sees you fall down. Doesn't laugh
has cool, exclusive plans. Doesn't tell everyone
good guy thief. steals credit card and donates to red cross
Overhears friend say he liked majoras mask better. doesnt freak out
BUYS A BUNCH OF PEPPER SPRAY. SO THERE IS NOne left for the cops
has a final tomorrow. does not tweet about it
Comes over to visit. Brings treats for your dog.
about to have sex with girlfriend. asks if you wanna go first
answers questions in the noob Forum. actually isn't trolling
makes a conspriacy keanu meme. isnt a repost about what if oxygen is poisonous
Friend's windows PC broken. doesn't brag about using linux
leaves party to get laid. comes back from her place 10 minutes later with chicken for everyone
Good guy greg . always removes hardware safely
Thought bieber was a girl. APologiZes
Walks OUT OF ROOM. CLOSES DOOR
Good guy adam. knows everyone calls him greg...rolls with it
scrolls through recent memes. actually upvotes the clever ones
Listens to dubstep. doesn't post it on facebook
GEts stabbed by glass shard. Recycles
says cool story bro. wants to hear more
Submits a post. Checks spelling and grammar first
throws up in your toilet. cleans the entire bathroom
Notices your shortcomings. doesn't point them out.
cooks you dinner. does the dishes
DOESN'T UNDERSTAND A POST. DOESN'T HATE IT
only plays CHRISTMAS MUSIC . in december 
Updates iPhone to ios7. Doesnt post it on facebook
finds out you are not voting for the same guy. doesn't try to push his candidate 
Asked to do a barrel Roll. does a Barrel roll
flirts with girl at party. stays by her side when she pukes
Visits grandma. every week
Friend sleeps in late. leaves school to Go back and pick him up
Runs a load in the dryer. Empties the Lint trap afterwards
could be getting laid. talks friend through depression instead
attends job interview. tells the truth in every question
was the most popular in highschool. never bullied anyone
joins fight club. doesn't break the first rule
Volunteers. Because it's the right thing to do
Borrows pencil. gives it back
went to movie theater. turned off cell phone
Always 'ejects' flashdrive. before removing from computer
learns that a white character is going to be played by a black actor. doesn't bitch about it
sees a repost. that's ok, good to see that funny post again
Gives friends a lift in car. doesn't ask for petrol money
sees the number 69. doesnt make a sex joke
finds your facebook open. logs you out
Helicopter flies away after you request a pickup. turns around, lands and picks you up
Teacher asks "does anyone not understand?". Understands perfectly but raises hand anyway because he knows others don't but are too shy.
eats sushi. Doesn't tweet a picture
Plays wii. uses wrist strap
Reads the terms and conditions. to become a better user
a stranger takes a picture of him. smiles
Talks To girls on meetme. doesn't ask for nudes
Sees a status on facebook with no likes. likes it
Knows you're wrong. LET You think you're not
Go to a restaurant. Doesn't post his meal on instagram
unequal slices of pizza. lets you have the extra one
play xbox at his home. gives you first controller
friend leaves facebook signed in. doesn't frape - signs him out
HAS THE OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE FUN OF THE COLUMBUS BLUE JACKETS. UNDERSTANDS THE COMPLEX ISSUES OF MANAGING A SMALL MARKET TEAM 
u mad bro?. genuine concern
Joke about dating his ex. says to go for IT because she's great
Sees you burn. doesn't just stand there and watch
drops ice in front of fridge. doesn't kick it under
sells weed. in a licensed medicinal marijuana dispensary
Knows victorias secret. Doesn't share it with the world
GO TO THE BATHROOM DURING A TEST. DOESN'T CHEAT
Gets Hiv. stays positive
internet famous for being a good guy. Even nicer in person
borrows your lighter. and gives it back
Dislike button on facebook?. there should be a like again button
Makes a Bear Grylls meme. Doesn't Mention Urine
Believes in God. Doesn't post bible verses on facebook
is not an employee. washes hands anyway
Sees learner driver trying to merge into traffic. slows down to let them in
chills with. badluck bryan
doesn't comment on female friend's cleavage photo. waits for a non-cleavage one to tell her she's beautiful
SEES YOU FREEZING TO DEATH on hoth. cuts hiMSELF OPEN FOR YOU
"We'd Like to speak to you at great lengths about the lord". invites in
Plays gta. obeys traffic laws
Plays grand theft auto. abides by traffic laws
Sees you put a religious status on facebook. doesn't say anything about it
Hears that steve jobs has died. Doesn't post a facebook status about it
Your mom called.. I took a message and left it on the fridge.
Hears Justin bieber Wins Nickelodeon's teen choice award best male artist. Doesnt say anything mean
Comes to your house.  DOESN'T ASK FOR FOOD
Listens to indie bands. doesn't mind that you like mainstream
downloads winrar. pays for it
GF sent him nudes. Respects her enough not to show you.
PLAYS GTA. STOPS IN RED LIGHTs
buys you a beer with his train money. walks 10 miles home
Uses  FRIENDS COMPUTER. POSTS CONTENT TO GET THEM UPVOTES
wins thousands of arcade tickets. gives them all to little kid
listens to nickelback. gives it a chance
winrar trial "expires". actually buys full version
accidentally opens your fedex package of dildos. tapes it back up and never tells a soul
Girlfriend calls When playing bf3. Stops game to talk 
Post a funny joke . Tags where the joke came from 
sees someone getting bullied. actually does something about it
Opens a new loaf of bread. Eats both of the 'end' pieces first
goes on chatroullete. doesn't masturbate
gets busted for possesion and is sentenced to community service. already  volunteers at a homeless shelter
sees your ex unfriended you on facebook. unfriends her 
friend leaves facebook signed in. signs out
accidentally takes pen from work. returns it next shift
invites you into his van. actually has candy
eating chips. gives you the last one
Lose a match on league of legends. say GG
gets cut off in traffic. hopes they make it on time
wins toy in 25 cent grab machine. leaves it for someone else
BUYS NEW VIDEO GAME. PLAYS THE TUTORIAL
uses last of toilet paper. installs new roll
Get's blue buff. leaves small minions for jungler
Invites you to his house to play xbox. and let you take the controller 1
Plays wingman. for the wingman
Smokes. just to make you look healthier
sees a friend while with another friend. introduce them to each other
FINDS WALLET ON GROUND. PAYS $8.99 to one-day ship it to the owner
gives you a ride. won't accept gas money
MEETS A PERSON WEARING SUNGLASSES AT NIGHT. COMPLIMENTS THE PERSONS SUNGLASSES 
Meets Scumbag Steve. Says, "Nice Hat."
Borrows car. Returns seat and radio to original settings
SIR, DO YOU HAVE A MINUTE FOR JESUS?. HE DOES
takes a dump in buddy's bathroom. sprays airfreshener
runs for president. isn't full of shit
Picture only gets 12 likes. glad he made 12 people laugh
friend sends meme. has seen it, doesn't say so
plays hide and seek. pretends not to see you
Borrows your lıghter. GIVES IT BACK
wishes Happy new year. to all the forever alones out there
daughter only dates black men. doesnt disown her
see's you rolling. approves
rides with rebecca black. gives her the front seat
Memegenerator. Go fuck yourself
"You're out of weed?". Scrapes His Pipe
You only have eight bucks. Sells your dime bag anyways
Accidentally knocks over your trash can. separates recyclables 
Gets infected in the zoombie apoCalypse. Doesn't bite anyone
takes out shopping cart. actually puts it back on the designated place
Believes scumbag Steve can become . a better person with some maturity 
Finishes early. still finishes you off
sees a pregnant women on the bus. gives her his seat
Kills Justin bieber. doesn´t collect the bounty
Reads good guy gregs. Improves upon self from them
holds door for nice lady. does not look to her ass
steals your identity online. pays all your bills
power goes out. lights candles and tells ghost stories
Finds random iphone on sidewalk. calls last person you talked to, comes to party and returns it to you
FINDS OUT YOU ARE STERILE. KNOCKS UP YOUR WIFE FOR YOU
Counts points in Class test. tells teacher he has less points
Sees a mediocre meme, doesn't really like it, sees it has no votes. gives it a vote anyway
GETS CHARGED TOO LITTLE. GOES BACK AND INFORMS STORE
Removes Usb. Actually uses "safe remove"
says "umadbro". is really concerned
disconnects your camera from your pc. clicks safely remove hardware
GETS EXTRA CHANGE. GIVES IT BACK
gets netflix account. lets friends use it
have all downloaded episodes. watch them on TV to give audience
STARTS A NEW POKEMON GAME. lets the rival choose the first pokemon
plays the sims . makes his sim average looking
sees person looking at his test. slides it closer to that person so he can read it better 
finds your last coke. leaves it in the fridge
dies. organ donor
DOESN'T BUY YOU A GIFT. BECAUSE HE MADE ONE INSTEAD 
GOES TO GROCERY STORE. BRINGS MULTIPLE CARTS BACK TO STOREFRONT
checks hot girl facebook profile. "in a relationship"; closes tab
Sees girlfriend's makeup bag in car. Brings it inside
Opens new bag of bread. eats the end peice
ping pong against noob. doesnt curve 
sees a POST WITH 0 LIKES. CLICKS LIKE BUTTON
Knows you are Crushing on his girl. Invites you to threesome
walking to a car with 4 other guys. calls middle seat
Goes to pee. before having a shower
Finds Penny on ground face down. flips over so next person can have good luck
arrives late at night. avoids making noise while opening the door
Knows what memes are. patiently explains to people who don't
Finds your wallet. puts $20 in before returning
Jehovas witness at door. listens
finishes toilet paper shitting in your house. gladly replaces it with a fresh roll
has a position on gay marriage. leaves his profile pic alone
Is a christian. wishes you a happy ramadan anyways
accidentally pees on rim. cleans it up
SPLITS OPEN AN OREO . GIVES YOU THE HALF WITH THE CREAM
gets bad haircut. tips barber
doesn't call you bro. only calls his brother bro
asks for a water cup at mcdonalds. puts water in it
Hes bald. cuz he donated his hair
Plays dota. Doesn't complain about noobs
Sees you need a ride from spawn. Drives back to pick you up
looking at "y u no memes". tries to fix the problems
plays monopoly with you. lets you be the car
Knows Cat is afraid of the vacuum. Doesn't turn it on when she is around
Plays left 4 dead. heals bots
Takes britta water filter out of fridge for drink. refills it and puts it back into the fridge
Plays SKyrim. reads all the books he find
Sees black kid in hoodie. gives him skittles
Teacher leaves during test. doesn't look at notes
Plays skyrim. doesn't make arrow in the knee jokes
Never calls shotgun. sits in back
Meets German Person. Doesn't mention the War
gets bitten by a zombie. doesn't hide it
Robs Bank. Donates all of it to Charity
Says he feels bad when you pay for him. actually feels bad
loses in COD. says good game to other team
Professor greg. accepts wikipedia as credible source
Goes down on his girl. Every week of the month
plays gta. gives prostitutes a tip and drives them home
taking a banana from the office fruit basket. chooses the one with brown spots
my kindness is not enough. to forgive sopa
Hates the new star wars movies. Took his niece to see Phantom Menace in 3D anyways
eats pizza with you. pretends he is full and gives you the last slice
Has noobs in team. Doesn't complain
sees another driver up ahead. turns off high beams
His EvIl Twin. STill a great guy
See a wallet on the street. report it to the police station
becomes a meme. doesn't brag
Walks in on  you masturbating. Walks out and lets you finish
PLays Cod. DOESN'T Rage 
Gets bitten by zombie. shoots himself
Picks up your sister at a bar. because it was late and she needed a ride home
could save hundreds by switching to geico. stays loyal to current company
swears. apologizes
Girlfriend is talkIng . Cares what she has to say
sees annoying facebook girl. compliments her
my grandfathergave it to me. you can have it
steals you credit card. puts more money in it and gives it back
Not religious. gives up something for lent
Brings laptop into class. actually uses it to take notes
selling sold-out concert tickets on ebay. at cost price
browses newest memes page. likes them all
Wins the lottery. Still goes to old job until they hire someone new
KNOWS YOURE GAY. DOESNT BRING IT UP
sees a meme that's already been done. upvotes it anyway
SEEs old lady crossing the street. Stops traffic and walks her ACROSS 
Buys PS3. doesn't hate xbox 360
Stays quiet. when you're on the phone
plays football with his friends. offers to be the goalkeeper
Gets early christmas present. waits until christmas day before opening it
watches new two and a half men episodes. says ashton kutcher is doing a good job
kill a dragon in skyrim. don't take his soul
Says 'Hey lets keep in contact after school's finished'. does
Girlfriend is hungry?. Makes her a sandwich
Does homework twice. gives a copy to dog
says he'll call you right back. does
does "lsd" with you. doesn't eat your face
prefers solo masturbation. has sex with girlfriend anyways
Gets sword from old guy in cave. Doesn't try to kill him with it
uses first wish. to free genie
Tells female friend she loOks nice. ISn't hitting on her
uses only legal torrents. and seeds
at his own house. "sure i'll be player two"
becomes a waiter. leaves you a tip
Realises that he uploaded a repost. Deletes it
Navi says hey. listens
Smokes bath salts. Doesn't eat your face off
GETS CALLED OUT FOR MAKING SEXIST COMMENT. DOESN'T BRING UP FIRST AMENDMENT
IS in demigod tier. doesn't brag about it
sees spider. gets cup and paper
got tricked into going to meatspin. was cool with it
GIRL ASKS HIM TO HELP HER STUDY ANATOMY. GETS BOOK AND LITERALLY DOES THAT
Finds out about batman shooting. doesn't make a messed up meme about it
plays violent video games. does not become violent
bad luck brian shits. gives him spare pants
SEES IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY ON FACEBOOK. CALLS
Finds your cell-phone at a party. Doesn't steal it, but charge it and handles back the next day
has a political opinion. keeps it to himself
girl tells to turn around while undressing. DOES
Smells your fart. Doesnt Call You Out On it
Reaches cruising altitude. doesn't recline seat
Noticed it rained. avoids stepping on all the snails on the sidewalk
sees a spot on the inside of the toilet. pees on it to try and get it off
The Hero we need. not the hero we deserve
has a question. searches first
Buys skyrim. lets you play first
Microwaving at midnight when everyone is asleep. opens it with one second left so it doesn't beep
it's 12.12.12. doesn't post it
goes to job fair. not just for free stuff
accidentaly undersells you by .5. gives you 2 grams free for the mistake
Sees you are having a heart attack. Clears your internet history then calls 911
Is a vegan. Doesn't bring it up every time you eat together
borrows your ps2. brings back ps3
DOESN'T BELIEVE IN GOD. DOESN'T SAY SHIT ABOUT IT
hasn't had coffee yet. still lets you pass viridian city
name isn't greg. lets you call him greg anyways
Downloads winrar. Buys license when trial expires
Receives head from girlfriend. returns the favor
sees picture of beautiful girl. doesnt make kitchen joke
leaves page. because he's not over 18
Gets offered 1 Billion. Doesnt sell valve to EA.
Gets a message that winrar will expire in 30 days. Actually buys it
you steal his kills. thanks you for helping
Joins Boxing . says sorry after every punch
SAYS HE WILL CALL YOU. ACTUALLY CALLS YOU
Ask for trick or treat. didn't do trick
Interrupts Taylor Swift. Actually lets her finish
Notices you didn't eat pizza crust. doesn't harass you saying "you're wasting the best part!"
meets an american. doesn't make fun of him
download finished. keeps on seeding
Makes sandwich. uses the butt slices
Actually buys music . From ituNes
travelled to europe. people thought he was from canada
Met you when he was drunk a month ago. Remembers your name and asks about your sick cousin
drinks the rest of the water. refills brita pitcher and puts it back in fridge
sees you smoking out of a can. buys you a piece
invites the forever alone guy. to a party and gets him laid
works out. doesnt post it on facebook
SEES THAT THE MOVIE WON YOUR HEART. DOESN'T MENTION THAT THE BOOK WAS BETTER
Smokes weed on 4/20. Doesn't post about it on Facebook
BUYS MASSIVE AUDIO EQUIPMENt. ONLY TURNS IT UP TO 10%, BECAUSE HE DOESN'T WANT TO ANNOY THE NEIGHBORS
Wins the lottery. ends world hunger
Notices that you like the girl he likes. lets you have her
Knows your stayin up late doing homework. stays up with you
Breaks into a car. to save trapped baby and puppy during a heatwave 
Sees a bad post. doesn't dislike
friendzoned. glad he has nice female friends
pays for all his games, music and shows. still against sopa
installing new game. reads and agrees to terms and conditions
Gets on argument on a forum. wins without a single swear word
loses argument on the internet. admits it.
is a good guy. doesn't complain about girls not wanting good guys
Sees you with a girl he's interested in. buys you both drinks and tells her how awesome you are
approaches stop sign. comes to a complete stop and proceeds with caution
HEars a song he likes. Doesn't ILLEGALLY download it
knocks up your sister. marries her and becomes a valued member of your family
PLAYS GTA. DONT ROB ANYONE
doesn't like the same music. doesn't care
Says he'll be online later. Actually gets on
play grand theft auto. drives car according to road rules
someone shoots you an arrow. puts his knee to stop it
tELLS TEACH HE FORGOT HOMEWORK. ACTUALLY FORGOT IT
realizes he did something polite. doesn't make a good guy greg comic about it
Sees your headlights around the bend. Turns off high beams
sees your gf at party. makes sure no one hits on her while you are gone
donates to. wikipedia
slept with the hottest girl in school. still hasn't told anyone
Plays Monopoly. Lends Money to Anyone Losing
Wins the loTtery. Gives $ to forever Alone so chicks Like him
Doesn't believe in god. isn't smug to those that do
finds $100. Finds Owner
actually Reads terms of agreement. before confirming
FrieNd left Facebook open. Didn't make him gay
walks past empty conference room. turns off light
finds out his friend is gay. offers to help him find a boyfriend
ANGRY WITH RAPIDSHARE. CREATED MEDIAFIRE
gives your girlfriend flowers. from you
is top sniper in the us army and is trained in guerilla warfare. doesn't use it to intimidate his argumentative opponents
Says he'll be home in 5 minutes. actually is
Someone farts at party. says he did it
Starts omegle conversation. doesn't ask "asl"
has two beers left. offers you one
actually reads. the terms and agreements policy
SEES HIS PHOTO ON THE INTERNET MEME. DOESN'T GET ANGRY
Generates memes. doesn't re-write memes people have already made
fighting at your side in zombie apocalypse. lets you have shotgun
makes youtube video. doesn't beg for likes
should be in god tier. doesn't complain 
Does something nice for a homeless person. Doesn't film it for likes on Facebook
Father is god. doesn't tell anyone about it
Offered to join dark brotherhood. Doesn't join
has a good, offensive comback line. doesn't use it
PUTS A FAKE JOINT IN HIS MOUTH. SO PEOPLE WON'T THINK HE'S PERFECT
Sees commuter reading over his shoulder. angles newspaper in commuters direction
says he missed you over the summer. really meant it
Sees celebrity you both like. offers to take the picture
checks out hot girl. through reflection on glass window
sees homeless man begging for change. gives him his paycheck
sees drunk girl on party. drive her to her home
Gets killed in call of duty. Laughs about it
commits murder. justin bieber
Spills hot coffee on his leg at Mcdonald's. doesn't sue
CREATES GOOD MEMES SECRETLY. ANONYMOUSLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE LAUGHTER OF MILLIONS
TIME TO CLOCK OUT. ASK "NEED ANYTHING ELSE BEFORE i GO?"
shits in public toilet. flushes it
being asked for a cigarette,. he gives his last one
Gets call from telemarketer. Has friendly convsersation
SEE THAT THEY made Good guy Jesus. not jealous
Wants to help the "invisible children". doesn't show it by public masturbation
Smacks a pimp. saves the hoe
banged your sister. but not until he married her
Sees Super Models. Says girls are still good lookin when theyre not on a fashion show
has game requests on facebook. accepts all of them
asks for a couples chips. actually only takes a couple
Find Magical items in Diablo 3. sells them for a fair and realistic price
Gets Bumped at a bar. Buys everyone a round of beers
makes mistakes. learns from every one of them
Terms of use?. Accepted
Didn't get iphone for christmas. still loves his parents
Saves a handfull of breadcrumbs every sunday and sticks them inside computer. loves to feed the trolls
game tells him that he needs to take a 5 min break every 30 min. does it
farts.... Fans it away from you
GETS 500 bIRTHDAY WISHES ON FACEBOOK. REPLIES TO EACH INDIVIDUALLY
finds winning lottery ticket. gives to random homeless man
Friend leaves facebook logged in. logs friend out
Sees the glass as half full. Then fills the glass up
leave beers in his fridge. still there next time you stop by
catches you singing to yourself awkwardly. sings along with you
accidentally opens internet explorer. uses it
finds pee on toilet seet. cleans it with tissue
plays gta. dosen't kill prostitues for refund
Sleeps With Megan Fox.... After Getting To Know Her
Starts playing skyrim. still picks up sister 15 minutes later
gets rick roll'd. watches till the end
ice cream man asks  "what do you want?". points to girl besides him "she was here first"
sees what girls        truly look like on The  day of a big test. Tells them they  look beautiful
comes to party when everyone has already left. just to help clean up
goes to the gym. does not tell facebook
Clicks on advertisements. to support the website he's on
Gets a tattoo. doesn't post it on facebook
borrows car. brings back with full tank
Gets banned from a forum. Doesn't create a new account
watching a video on youtube. doesn't skip the ad
Ends it with girlfriend. tells his friends was mutual breakup
Borrows car to drive to store and back. Fills up the tank
Gets a call in GTA IV. Always down to hangout
pizza arrives after 30 minutes. still pays for it
CAN'T THINK OF A CLEVER MEME. DOESN'T MAKE ONE ANYWAY
remembered your birthday. without facebook
sees that febreze kills 99.9 percent of germs . kills the other 0.1 percent
Goes to most recent memes. votes them all up to support the creator
shoots you in the knee. gets you job as town guard
Doesn't Like 'friday' by rebecca black. is still nice to her
Plays battlefield 3. never uses tactical flashlight
Goes on youtube. reads description
doesn't smoke. takes picture with a cigarettes in mouth when asked to
pissed loudly in public toilet. so the guy next door can shit comfortably
TRAVELS TO A FOREIGN COUNTRY. SPEAKS THE NATIVE LANGUAGE
plays cod online. tries to talk to people in game chat
plays grand theft auto. buys a car
SEES YOU LEFT YOUR FB ACCOUNT OPEN. LOGS OUT FOR U
smokes cigarette. to leave less for the kids
GIRL WHO BROKE UP WITH HIM HAS BIRTHDAY. CONGRATULATES HER ANYWAY
choice between bro's and girl. bro's
Sees good post on vote page with negative likes. prasises it in comments so person who uploaded it wouldn't feel bad
Lends you pen for class. Lets you Keep it
"I will pray for you". says thanks even though he's an atheist
plays mordekaiser. says gl hf
is hit on by your ex. says he's gay, introduces her to scumbag steve
Gets Up. To Pass The Bowl
Sees you parked in handicapped spot. BReaks your legs so you don't get in trouble
could get the software free. buys it to support development
Goes to get food. ordered 4 different types of large pizzas for everyone to try
Leaves the room. to fart
plays a cleric. makes sure his party is healed at all times
Sees yellow light. slows down
Arguing about who is going to e a sober driver . volunteers
HEARS ABOUT DISNEY BUYING STARWARS. GIVES THEM THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT
gets done fapping. Washes hands
plays mario kart with you. no shortcuts
plays demolition. actually tries to plant the bomb
remembers a funny family guy joke. doesn't say it out loud
Has wet dream. of actual girlfriend
Gets to know students. before teaching them
HEARD YOU DIED. DELETES YOUR BROWSER HISTORY
Goes to the grocery store. puts the stuff he doesn't want back in the right spot
pushes grandmas contact by mistake. doesn't hang up 
Gets blue shell in mario kart. doesn't use it so that computer doesn't beat you
GETS CREDIT CARD STOLEN. LETS THEM USE IT
breaks into your house. cleans it and makes you dinner
Friend asks you to look up video on youtube. actually watch video
dislike other person's meme. doesn't downvote
has personaltragedy . doesn't cry about it on facebook 
lEGEND OF ZELDA. nEVER BREAK JARS
Notices toilet paper running low. places backup roll within reach
more than a hundred people greeted him a happy birthday on facebook. Replies to all of them!
ASks you to borrow your grinder. puts more weed in it than he uses
Plays Goldeneye 64. lets friend be oddjob
Gets the wrong order. eats it anyway
DOES A CRAPPY PARKING JOB. BACKS OUT AND PARKS AGAIN
heard the movie got bad reviews. goes to see it with you anyway
supports a good cause. by NOT wasting a bucket of drinkwater
listens to underground hip hop. doesn't mention immortal technique
Has a song stuck in his head. doesn't sing it so you don't get it stuck in yours
Call dropped. calls you again to say goodbye
gets dumped by girlfriend. doesn't whine about it on facebook
He'll not continue. without a condom
losses on cod. feels happy for the winner
runs the instalation. reads the whole licence agreement
mormons at the door. sure, tell me the good news fellas.
sees kid in a hoodie. dosent shoot
Sees you rolling. doesn't hate
Goes vegetarian. Tells no-one
inherits 100k. buys civic si
Sees you left your iphone at his house. updates your apps for you
Gifts you skyrim. Installs on your computer so you can play as soon as you're home
Has 900 friends on facebook. Actually knows them all 
About to cross Finish Line. Doesn't shoot shells backwards
has to watch twilight with girlfriend. doesn't moan
Hates justin beiber. Does not post comments  about him on unrelated videos
ugly girl flirts with him. doesnt make excuse to leave 
Believes in god. doesn't look down on atheists
friend cant cook. eats food anyway
Told Him you're trying to quit smoking. Doesn't smoke in front of you
Gets highscore on arcade game. Doesn't put "ass" into highscores
removes your finished laundry. folds it 
friend leaves his facebook logged in. logs out
Notices no one likes your status. likes your status
could've sold your stuff on ebay when you were smoking a pipe. didnt
Trick or treat. hands out full sized candy
Hot girl takes of shirt and bra in front of him. keeps eye contact
Disagrees with your political beliefs . Still values your friendship and doesn't threaten to block you on social media 
Plays guitar and sings like an angel. doesnt take your girls
has hangover and Says he is never drinking again . doesn't
GOT CAUGHT SMOKING WEED WITH YOUNGER BROTHER. CONVINCING THEIR MOM IT WAS ONLY HIM SMOKING
Sees steam thanksgiving sale. Buys skyrim for friend even though not on sale
Knows you're a noob. explains the game
Let's you Stay over for weekend. Doesn't masturbate
goes to chiptole, asks for water cup. actually gets water
is a cop. loves black people
HAS A 6 PACK. DOESN'T GO SHOWING IT OFF TO THE ENTIRE WORLD 
knows it's your birthday. even without checking facebook
improves code. submits patch
borrows your car. takes it through the carwash &amp; changes the oil  
"hey! listen!". Listens to navi every time
gets a blue shell when you are heading for the finish line. doesn't use it
A HOT GIRL WANTS TO HAVE SEX WITH HIM TODAY ONLY. BUSY, ALREADY MADE PLANS WITH BROS.
meets a black asian jew who's mexican. doesn't laugh
Sneaks out on one night stand. To get her breakfast in bed
Asked friend if he can borrow a sheet of paper. actually brought friend a new sheet of paper the next day
has popped collar. isnt a douchebag
white girlfriend has brown baby. pretends he didn't notice
usb. removes safely
Sees you made the same comment as him. UP VOTES yours, DELETES his
makes meme that's competitive for the top position. doesn't downvote the competition
Heard you illegally downloaded his album. doesn't mind, signs it and gives you a free t-shirt
Texts you on accident. Rekindles old friendship
Invites you to play games. lets you use new controller
hugs your mom. Does not add hip thrust
here. take mine
TAKES AN ARROW TO THE KNEE. NEVER MENTIONS IT; KEEPS ADVENTURING
Makes successfull Meme. Doesn't Brag about it
Goes to a costume party with you. dresses up as robin
is five minutes late for class. still goes to class
Rolls joint. Lets you light it
finds bottle of painkillers. dumps them in TOILET for safety
asked for 10 bucks. gives 20
democrat. supports ron paul
ISN'T GAY. BLOWS YOU ANYWAYS
friends forget he owes them money. pays them back anyway
finds a phone on the street. Calls your parents to return it
Sees You playing COD. Buys you battlefield
Tells friends on facebook what roads are closed. so they don't get stuck in traffic as well
Is a Musician. Sees Street drummer and asks him to do a gig  together
Wants sandwich. Politely Asks girlfriend... if she would like one as he gets up to make his own.
offers free candy on truck. actually does
under 18. leaves the site
Goes to beach with friends. reminds everyone to wear sunblock
Says he's on his way. actually on his way
DOESN'T Matter,. had love
hangs out with. forever alone guy
Goes to eat Lunch. Doesn't put a picture of it on instagram
Sees pothole while being followed by lowered car. hits pothole so other car sees it
gets call from wrong number. becomes lifelong friends
wants to date your sister. asks you first
dislikes dubstep. doesn't comment every possible dubstep video on youtube
invites you into van. actually has candy
Tells you He'll be there in 20 minutes. Arrives 2 minutes early
takes crap at friends house. flushes and sprays
SEES CHILD . DOESN't give to kony
Has crush on same girl as another guy. Ignores it and helps him get her
MAKES TEXT BIG ENOUGH. TO READ FROM THUMBNAIL
Sees a upload with a low number of likes. Likes it BECAUSE he feel sorry for you
Is in the military . Doesn't only talk about the military
gET PULLED OVER BY STORMTROOPER. SAYS THESE ARE THE DROIDS THEY'RE LOOKING FOR
asks for chips. he takes only one
Makes passionate love to you. makes you breakfest in the morning
drunk girls in his car. drives her home
Uses public Restroom. doesnt shit on the walls
MEME HE HATES HAS 99 THUMBS UP. LIKES IT ANYWAY TO MAKE IT A NICE EVEN 100
Takes picture of kate middleton topless. doesn't upload 
AcceptEd . Forever alone guy's friend request
Finds Genie. Uses first wish to grant his freedom
sees a funny meme. Doesn't steal it
YOU RUN OUT OF TORTILLAS FOR BURRITOS. BATTLES THROUGH BLIZZARD TO GET SOME
HAs an obscure hypothetical. waits until after class to ask the prof about it
Goes on Internet. Doesn't make skyrim joke
pees on the seat. wipes it off
Sexts. Doesn't show anyone the pics
has 2000 more upvotes than scumbag steve. doesn't brag about it
hot girl talks to him. keeps eye contact
goes mining with friend in minecraft. lets him have the diamonds
"you havent  been to the cloud district?". takes you there
Is able to login to diablo 3. waits for friends who can't connect
sitting in an exit row on a plane. actually willing to help in case of an emergency
"you can skip this ad in 0:05". watches full ad
goes vegan. choses not to announce it to everyone
opens interfaith bookshop. has an 'atheist' section
You choose charmander?. chooses bulbasaur
ASKED TO SHARE 3 SONGS. GIVES ENTIRE DISCOGRAPHY
sleeps with megan fox. doesn't brag about it
at a party and sees a guitar. Doesn't play it
goes out with chick. calls her next day
Already seen this movie. doesn't spoil anyway
tells the truth. on april fools day.
Pauses skyrim . so his grandmother can watch oprah
some of his best friends are black. doesn't bring it up
You forgot to log out on fB. He does it for you
gets tricked into watching Lemonparty. doesn't trick others
Notices you gave him extra change. Tells you
connects flash drive. safely removes hardware
you can find me in the club. the boys and girls club, giving life lessons
is asked for directions. takes you to destination
User posts "First!!!!". congratulates the user on his speed and initiative
Sees Yellow Light. Prepares to stop
Sees you dead and is engineer. takes your kit and revives
asks girlfriend about her day. actually listens
masturbates. thinking of his girlfriend
Write  horror movie. Black guy didn't die first
upvotes wrong post. keep it
has to fart. warns friends to evacuate the room
Downloads album. goes out and buys it afterwards
Spills beer on floor. only uses one paper towel to clean it up
Designated Driver. Stays Sober
daughter wants to be wolf for halloween. goes as red riding hood
Last at bus stop. Waits to be last on  bus
Sees stupid status update. likes anyway
FRIEND PRANK CALLS. KNOWS BUT GOES ALONG WITH IT
Cockblocks you. Because he knows she has an STD
generate a meme. does not vote himself
knows you downvoted his meme. upvotes yours
Sees snow men in neighbors yard. Builds snow women to keep them company
sits next to you whlie teacher notices you have not done homework. "we made together"
throw something for trashcan, miss. pick it up and put it in the trashcan
Gets bitten by zombie. shares useful knowledge then shoots himself
Gets friend request from forever alone. accepts.
you meet him on the street in real life. actually is a good guy
kills your family. doesn't make you watch
realizes he impregnated a random girl from a concert. pays child support
Tells His sims to go for a swim. Doesn't Remove Ladders from the Pool
Getting ready to switch lanes. Uses Turn Signal
Finds wallet with no ID and a lot of cash.. Pays out of pocket for Forensic testing to locate owner and returns wallet...refuses reward!
Holds door open for strangers. on black friday
bin laden dies. feels sorry for him
video ad. doesn't skip it
Likes an app. Leaves a review
GF Sends nudes. keep for himself
WHY YES. I WOULD LIKE A BIG ISSUE
Makes Meme Page First. Doesn't brag about it
Sees thread about a show he doesn't like. doesn't post in it so that others can enjoy it
Closes all programs. before shut down wındows
Has more likes than willywonka. lets him take god tier and stays in demigod tier
makes website with background music. Has it muted by default
gets a headshot in cod. doesn't brag about having sex with your mother
Torrents. Seeds
wins silver medal. sings opponents national anthem
downloads keygen. just wants to listen to the music
has unibrow. doesnt care
goes to a strip club. persuades stripper to go back to college
Teen gets his first job in November. Spend entire savings on Xmas gifts for his family
Orders a water cup.... gets water
plays lol. takes suport hero
Gets good grade. Admits he studied hard
reads socially awkward penguin. doesn't think it's something to laugh at
Sees you upvote sympathetically. Upvotes you as well
Not sure who was first at 4 way stop. lets you go just in case
Put right headphone in right ear. and left headphone in left ear
didn't have good grades. still was the teacher's favorite
aTHEIST. GOES TO CHRISTMAS MASS WITH FAMILY ANYWAY
Goes on pornhub. waits until hes 18 to enter
always stops at red lights when driving. in gta
Puff Puff. Pass
HAS MORE LIKES THAN MOST GOD TIER MEMES, BUT IS STILL DEMIGOD TIER. DOESN'T MIND
throws a party. don't byob
Hears in august that you want a haunter hat. gets one that month and hides it until christmas
Tagged in an embarrassing photo.  Doesn't untag
Sees nerd being beat up. Steps in and gets beat up aswell
wins a bet. gives money to charity
downs enemy. lets  you take the kill
Loves his girlfriend. doesn't post it on facebook
pisses all over toilet seat. cleans it up
has sex with random girl. takes her out for breakfast the next day
creates facebooka account. adds parents
follow an asian on twitter. uses the google traslator to read his tweets
CONSERVATIVE. BELIEVES IN SCIENCE
Puts drunk ex-girlfriend to bed. Sleeps on the couch
Finds awesome content. Gives to you to post on reddit
squad in less than ideal position. spawn on them anyway for +10 point bonus
notices you forgot to lock your computer. locks it
Lives with you for a semester. has been saying your name correctly the whole time
Hires prostitutes in Colombia. shares with secret service
finds an unlocked car. locks it
SeeS your Internet Search history. Buys you lotion
works at mcdonalds. puts an extra chicken nugget into each chicken nugget box
sees that you are typing in chat. stops typing
200 posts on wall wishing him happy birthdAY. likes all of them
Receives Ugly Sweater For Christmas. Wears it to Christmas dinner
Asks to use your laptop. turns his head when you enter your password
Neighbor's wifi is unprotected. doesn't use it
Losing a battle on Pokemon Showdown. Doesn't forfeit, finishes the battle
WINDOWS WANTS TO UPDATE THE COMPUTER. UPDATES IT
watches family guy. doesn't quote it
GF wants threesome . he says not sure if that's right 
accidentally looks at friend's paper during an exam. erases his memory
FINDS OUT KIDS AREN'T HIS. raises them anyway
Friend posts something he already saw. likes it anyway
decides to go vegan. doesn't tell everyone about it
roleplays online sex. still wears a condom
dOES A POST ABOUT SCUMBAG STEVE. DOESN´T TALK BAD ABOUT HIM
Good guy Greg's Birthday. Brings cake for everyone else
sent for tampons. brings home tampons and chocolate.
likes same girl as you. keeps his distance
finds stranger's fb open. tells him to be more careful
Would drive you home if he had a car. Pays for your cab
download 100%. leave torrent seeding
writes lmao. has actually laughed ass off
NEIGHBORS PLAY LOUD MUSIC. PRACTICES HIS MASH-UP SKILLS
GIRLFRIEND WANTS TO WAIT TILL MARRIAGE. WAITS
kNOWS SOMEONE with CANCER. SUPPORTS THEM without COPYpasta
Not put into god tier. doesn't complain
goes on 5 mile run. doesnt post it on facebook
go to his house to play videogames. lets you be player 1
Plays TF2. Plays medic
comments on your post. Upvotes it as well
dad steals his teen girlfriend. still lives with him so his mom isn't overburdened
installing game. reads the license agreement
is older brother. plays as luigi
gOES TO GYM. Doesn't post it on facebook
plays gta. doesn't kill hookers
sees female friend in white shirt in the rain. lends her a jacket
Picks you up in flashy expensive car. "You wanna learn stick?"
Taylor swift gets award. lets her finish
is a friend of. FOREVER ALONE
hates the food you just made him. eats the whole thing anyway
sets up wifi router. no password so everyone can use his connection
75 million views on youtube. doesn't put any ads
notices employee in training sign. tells them they did a good job
Has timeline. doesn't complain about it
SHOpping for shirts. re-fold every shirt
Plays COD MW3. uses the support killstreak
EATS GREASY FOOD. WIPES HANDS BEFORE GRABBING YOUR CONTROLLER
broken leg, sitting in bus. offers seat to old lady
Hears Roomate making love next door. Turns on loud music to allow sexual expression
Uses photoshop on his Profile Picture. To make muscles smaller
roommate sleeps in. sets phone to vibrate
Goes to a therapist. Solves her problems
Takes antipsychotic drugs. has a mental illness
sees funny oc. logs in to thumb up
part native american. celebrates thanksgiving with you anyway
girlfriend blows him. lets her kiss him after
sees a triangle in  a DISNEY MOVIE. doesn't say illuminati
Likes a Band. Buys CD
SEES POST ABOUT RELIGION ON FACEBOOK. doesnt say anything
Finds Neighbor's Wifi unsecured. helps them secure it
gets rejected by art school. doesn't start world war
adds friend on facebook. its forever alone guy
Posts a photo . credit the owner
Plays Gta. stays within the speed limit
doesn't take a side in the pc vs mac debate. they're just computers, bro
Has to Fart. Walk's Outside
Hangs out with black friends. Still talks like a white guy.
co-worker leaves wallet in bathroom. returns it without counting money
MEets y u no guy. takes time to teach him how to spell why and you right
Has a girlfriend. Makes his own sandwiches
Girl he likes is dating someone else. Actually happy for her
Sees you rollin. no hatin
has sIx pokemon. doesnt catch anymore to not leave others alone
Forget your facebook open in his pc. don't become gay
Pirates a game. buys it later to give back to devs
has sex with you . stays to cuddle after 
Tells mario where princess peach is. points to the right castle
Typed "lol". lAUGHED OUT LOUD IN REALITY
Starts company. creates real website, not just facebook and twitter
Large Bug in House. Helps it back outside
runs over a pedestrian on gta v. calls an ambulance
makes a meme. doesn't rate it up
gf wants to break up. help her find new bf
plays the sims. only dates one girl
plays with children. isn't a pedophile
See a man take an arrow to the knee. helps him so he can adventure again
Goes to the gym. Doesn't post about it on facebook every god damn day
sees friend's facebook open. clicks on logout
lets FRIENDS BORROW SKYRIM. EVEN THOUGH HES NOT DONE WITH IT
try on clothes at the store. fold them back to the shelf
find insanity wolf. calms him down
you wake up to an empty bed after hooking up last night. got up and made breakfast for two
sees woman in the kitchen. doesn't make kitchen joke
Stayed up till 4am to open the door for sister. doesn't complain
buys an ipad. reads 59 page long terms and conditions
Gets 11 nuggets in 10 piece meal. sends one to africa
uses' your computer . doesn't change backround to something gay
Friend buys packs of chewing gum. doesn't ask for one
IS PART OF THE 97%. OF PEOPLE WHO WON'T REPOST THIS STATUS UPDATE
Become internet meme. doesn't brag or even reveal himself
PLAYS TEAM GAMES. ALWAYS SCOUTS
Gets in a new relationship . doesn't make a status about it on facebook
Borrows your flash disk. safely removes hardware
has one night stand. calls her back
Hates customer . doesn't spit in their food
notices shit mark on side of your toilet bowl . pisses it off
Sees scumbag girl passed out drunk. doesnt let scumbag steve near her
mum sends dinner in tupperware. returns tupperware washed
sees a fight between 2 people he dosent like. stops the fight
watches movie. reads credits
watches terrible talent show. claps anyway
sees steve jobs died. Researches the history of apple before commenting
Finds 5 dollar bill. brings it to police station
gets rickroll'd. watches entire video
Drives the car. lets you choose the music
DIDN'T HAVE SEX. DOESN'T MATTER
Play farmville. don't send any request
makes something on paint. doesn't name it "untitled"
sees a guy that dropped a twenty. picks it up and hands it to him
bums a cigarette off you. pays you a dollar even though you didn't ask for anything
loans you his copy of mE3. DOESN'T WANT YOU TO PAY FOR THE HORRIBLE ENDING
Catches employee smoking at work. shows him a safer spot and smokes him out
Gets asked for directions. Actually Walks you there
Plays Mariokart with you. doesn't pick rainbow road
Jehovah's witness knocks on door. invites him in
you spill his pint. knows that shit happens
1st place about to cross finish line in mario kart. DOESN'T throw back rest of banana peels
Decides to take his talents to south beach. Shows up for 4 quarters 
GOES TO MAKE A SANDWICH. PUTS TWIST-TIE BACK ON BREAD
VISIT WEBSITE. CLICKS ALL ADVERTISING
Meets CARLY RAE JEPSEN. Calls her
reads terms and conditions. then agrees
Get arrested. for beating a man stealing a womens purse
SENDS REGARDS TO YOUR FAMILY. MEANS IT
Friend asks for a pencil During exam. Gives his favoUrite one for 'good luck'
Sees a street drummer. donates money and dances with him
Accidentally Misses . Wipes the SEAT
Has TIVo. Still watches commercials
plays as pikachu in     smash bros. doesn't spam thunder
accidentally runs over your dog. buys you a tiger
"Show me the carfax.". Shows you the carfax.
says "cool story bro". means it
CATCHES 2 DODGEBALLS. GIVES BOTH TO PEOPLE NEAR HIM AND TAKES A HIT FOR SOMEONE ELSE
GF makes him a sandwich for lunch. cooks her a 3-course meal for dinner
HACKS YOUR FACEBOOK ACCOUNT. GETS YOU A DATE
Comes up with meme. doesnt upvote
says "COOL story Bro". means it
Drop soap in prison showers. picks it up for you
Home alone. still raises toilet seat to pee
SOMEONE SAYS THEY USED BE AN Adventurer. dosn't say he was until he took an arrow in the knee
gets 1 friend request from retarded girl from elementary school. accepts
Lets you lick the spoon. after making you brownies
Replys to spam emails. cant leave 'em hangin
gets friend request from forever alone guy. trys to hit accept but pc blue screens.
creates meme. doesn't upvote his own meme
cumstain on pants. informs you
plays gears of war. doesn't take kills
Starts Pokemon Red and Blue. Chooses Bulbasaur
SEES YOU LEFT YOUR FACEBOOK OPEN. LOGS OFF
don't like smokers?. it's cool bro, i'll stop smoking around you
sees friend in front of line. says hi and goes to back
THey tried to make greg go to rehab. he was like, ok
Plays gta. Drives around normally
DOESNT BELIEVE IN GOD. STILL WISHES EVERYONE MERRY CHRISTMAS
BUYS A PRODUCT. READS USER MANUAL
leaves skid marks in toilet. Cleans them off
doesn't talk about. fight club
joins wrong server. plays anyway
borrows pencil. gives it back at the end of class
likes bestfriend. Helps her get back with boyfriend
Late for work. Still obeys speed limit
In action movie with black guy. dies first
sees that friend leaves facebook open. logs out
shut off phone. visits nana in person
Last slice of pizza. yours bro
Disagree with your comment. upvote because it adds to the discussion
has girlfriend. makes own sandwich
Realizes people have forgotten him. Is happy for the others
Got an arrow in the knee. Still an adventurer
new itunes update. reads the terms and conditions throughly
Gets friend request from forever alone guy. ACCEPTS
breaks up with girlfriend. it's actually not her, it's him
wife changes marital status from married to its complicated. keeps marital status as married
clicked Uganda on the map. still didn't post about kony
should be in god tier. doesn't complain
Keeps chewing gum after it loses flavor. until he finds a trash can
Sees Sandusky playing "tag"with boy in locker room. Tells Police
puts 1.50$ ın vending machine for a 1.40$ product. Leaves the 10¢ change in slot so people could use it if they need
DOG SHITS IN THE HOUSE. TAKES THE BLAME
Goes to a Public toilet. flushes
PLAYS FIFA 2002. DOESN'T TACKLE THE GOALKEEPER
hears cool song lyric. doesn't make it his facebook status
gets propositioned by a virgin. convinces her to wait
opponent says "wait". waits
Saw new ipad in unlocked car at store parking lot, opened door. and locked it!
has sweet abs. doesn't go shirtless to raves
Sees pubic hair in urinal. aims stream to wash it into drain
notices a good comment has 0 points. upvotes it
Makes homework twice. gives one to his dog
plays split screen with you. doesn't screen peek
A BUNCH OF ORPHANED KIDS MESS UP HIS FISHING TRIP. HELPS THEM BECOME BOSS FISHERS
this is my House. you can be player 1
ask for coke, only has pepsi. goes buy you one down the block
sees you left facebook open. logs you out
not religious. respects your beliefs
new album comes out. pays for it
gets a friend request from forever alone. doesn't decline
he's turkish. BUT acknowledges THE armenian genocide
Likes band before famous. Tells friends about them so they become famous
PAUSED 2 PLAYER GAME FOR BATHROOM BREAK. ACTUALLY WAITS UNTILL U GET BACK
grandma got ran over by a riendeer. doesnt make a song about it
little bro pees his pants. pees his pants also
gets insulted in a fb status. likes it anyways
Downloads from torrent. seeds it!
has battlefield 3 sitting here. PLAYS TF2 WITH FRIEND WHO DOESN'T HAVE IT
goes to bathroom in the middle of the night. pees on the side to not wake up roommate 
DISSAPEARS WITH GIRLFRIEND. FIND HIM HOLDING HER HAIR WHEN SHES GETTING SICK
Gandhi reincarnated. tells no one
gets invited to concert. drives so tired friend can sleep
HAS FEWEST POINTS IN ZOMBIES. OPENS ALL DOORS ANYWAY
Makes awesome meme. downvotes it to give others a chance
LANDS ON BOARDWALK. PUTS IT UP FOR AUCTION
Goes to prison showers. picks up the soap
Borrows lighter. returns lighter
buys plan b for a friend 4 times. Still a virgin.
only one with a car. makes 2 trips to bring everyone
playing poker. always dealer
meets you for 50th time. shakes hand
gets a million happy birthdays on facebook. says thank you to every single one of them
has sex with your mother. marries her and is a good stepdad to you
Sees you die in minecraft. puts your items in a chest and waits for you
He's hungry. makes his own sandwich
Plays mario kart 64. lets you take yoshi
"Please note...". Actually notes it down
Scumbag steve asks him for a cigarette. gives him 2 cigarettes
Uploads youtube video. doesn't like it  
screws up base riff during first live gig. doesn't blame the drummer
Is single. doesn't complain on valentine's day
hears about kony2012. doesn't post about it
Downloads Torrent. Up speed: 200 kb/s Down speed: 50 kb/s
Can I have a chip?. Only takes one
holds door for the next 10 people. doesn't feel awkward
HelpS friend move. it's his birthday
goes to a party . drives drunk people home
ACCIDENTLY PEES ON TOILET SEAT. cleans it up
crashes on couch. folds blanket before leaving
gets a new car. DOESN'T put it as profile picture 
Tells an inside joke . explain it 
sees drunk girl passed out. gives her a blanket
FINDS ALBUM ONLINE. PAYS FOR IT
Is able to fairly balance time . between both bros and ho
Changes Facebook settings. instead of constantly complaining about game requests 
talking to a huge breast woman. looking to her eyes
Been dating girlfriend for over 2 years. Still remembers her birthday
Goes to make a sandwich. switches to spectate
Makes A meme. Doesn't use the words "arrow" or "knee"
Playing Sonic 2 With you. Lets you be sonic
Broke up with girl 5 years ago. ok for friend to date her
Sees the grinch. wishes him a merry christmas
has to fart. goes outside
gets call from unknown number. answers
invites you over to play video games . hands you the good controller 
real name is todd. doesn't mind being called greg
Neighbors party is a bit loud late at night. Joins the party
Gets mugged, chases mugger and stabs him. calls ambulance and waits for it to arrive
Crosses the street. Quickly
Argues on the internet. Admit he was wrong
WATCHES TWILIGHT WITH GF. DOESNT SAY ITS GAY
sees people robbing his house. helps them load the truck
Commits a crime in red dead redemption. surrenders to the police
Sees vulnerable whiney status. doesn't troll
has it way worse off than you. listens to your problems and doesnt burden you with his
Likes your girlfriend. still helps you with relationship problems
SeeS a Big wall of text on a reddit post. upVotes for the effoRt
girl asks to be sex buddies. says he's looking for something more serious
Likes dubstep. doesn't play it
Gets Drunk. Still Washes hands after going to the bathroom
TEAM TERM PAPER. OFFERS TO PRINT IT
has a 12 year old brother. treats him like his son
WALKS INTO WAL-MART. ACKNOWLEDGES GREETER
Sees you studying. Turns down volume on epic song
Friend is texting. pauses the game
USES FREEWARE. DONATES TO CREATOR
Sees re-type email add during registration. Doesn't copy and paste
A fly gets stuck in his room.  helps to usher it out of the window unharmed
winrar trial runs out. pays for license
NO PICS. its cool i believe it happened
"restart your computer to finish installing important updates". Clicks "restart now"
Actually buys. all his music
notices a spelling error. posts relevant comment instead of correcting it
SAW OFFENSIVE YOUTUBE VIDEO. DIDN'T KILL ANYONE
writes long essay. sources: 34 different books borrowed from the national library
WASH MY HAND. AFTER I PEE
Girlfriend breaks up with him. doesnt talk shit about her behind her back
Gets facebook birthday messages from all his friends. Replies to everyone individually
jumps infront of moving car hurting himself. but saving a bunny
sees scumbag steve at the door. lets him in
Good guy greg goes to skyrim. doesn't steal a thing
Has a dream about best friends girl. gOES OVER TO APOLoGIZE
Has 6 pack. doesn't post shirtless pic on facebook
Becomes a club promoter/bartender. doesn't spam everyone with facebook event invites
&lt;---------------. upvote this meme
plays gta. doesnt cheat
Dog shits on carpet. He does it too tO make dog feel better
PLays world of warcraft. doesn't kill critters
go out with a girl. call her next day 
LIstens to rap music. Doesnt say yolo
likes to feed ducks. uses fresh bread
Play random game. read all text without skipping
See Clean Dishwasher. Unloads it
LISTEN TO SISTER'S BULLSHIT. GIVES A SHIT
thieves stealing his tv. runs after them to give them the remote controller 
guy on the street asks for money for food. takes him to an all you can eat dinner instead
Walks into a theater. turns phone off, not just on silent
Pirates software. sends developers useful feedback
Befriends. Forever alone guy
Doesn't understand commment. upvotes anyway
Breaks up with gf. Gives her weed back
boss not there. doesn't stop working
finds a horcrux. puts it back for harry
Says to A girl He will call next day. Calls her!
Was rickrolled,. hear the song till the end
sees kid at carnival not winning any toys. gives him his giant stuffed bear
Doesn't smoke in the car. when one of the passengers isn't a smoker
you send him a meme you did on memegenerator. he doesn't like it, but upvotes it anyway
Posts on Craigslist. Deletes when sold
Need to be over 18 to view site?. actually leaves site
buys pack of gum. shares the whole thing
Drunk chick tells him she'll do anything he says. Tells her to get home safe
Buys new amazing game. refuses to accept license agreement because it is against his moral values
In sixth place and gets blue shell on last lap. doesn't use it
plays gta iv. plays bowling with roman
Invites you into his van. Actually has candy
forever alone's birthday. sends him facebook message
heard the boy who cried wolf. always came back to check
Loses a game. says " gg " anyway
Doesn't smoke. Stands outside with you anyway
Oh, it's okay guys, don't worry. i'll buy him a new one
Uses last bucks in wallet to buy beers. for everyone else
borrows $30 for a week. gives back $50 two days later
Doesn't agree with your opinion. listens anyway.
Asks to hang out. picks you up without asking for gas money
Is vegan. doesn't shove it down your throat
Doesn't donate to charity . goes to africa to give it in person
doesn't understand  a meme in foreign language. smiles anyway
Likes music you recommended. credits you for finding it
has to do christmas shopping. does it in November
sEES trASH THAT'S NOT HIS. CLEANS IT UP ANYWAY
made the monopoly banker. doesn't steal any money
gets famous online. don't do interviews
Selects lulu and finds out you want her. changes to another character
pees with two streams. both in bowl
Windows Wants to update. Shuts down all programs and reboots immediately
Makes millions as a child actor. uses it to fulfill his childhood dream of becoming an ice cream man and gives kids free ice cream
found that sony supported sopa. sold his ps3
Married for 20 years. Still goes down on his women
has over 3,000 like votes. doesn't get angry at not being in god tier
His girlfriend's got a new haircut. he notices
goes to reggae video. doesnt post how stoned he is
Gets pwned cuz of lag 3 times in the row. doesn't get mad, say great shot in voice chat
food is cold . doesn't send it back 
gets out of the shower. to pee
Notices you don't drink. doesn't bother you about it
you fart. says it was him
Washes His Dishes. Also Washes The ones you left in the sink
Friend passed out. Doesn't draw on his face
is an aggie surfing meme generator. upvotes every "stereotypical corps guy"
got phone call from telemarketer. listen to him patiently
wins at mortal kombat. doesn't do a fatality
finds exploit. reports it
you are not perfect?. i like you
enters bathroom and knows someone is silent-crapping in a stall . makes as much noise as possible so guy can crap in peace
bus is empty. still lets you get in first
Understands what you were trying to say. Doesn't try to correct you
Sees car parked with empty meter. Puts coins in
Meets your drunk sister at a party. Makes sure she gets home safely
knew bear in his bed was stuffed. told chuck testa he thought it was real
Clicks attending. Attends
accidentally eyecontact an ugly girl. still smiles
flashes his high beams at you. to warn you of a cop hiding
RecEives text from ugly chick. texts back
needs photoshop. buys license from adobe
Protested SOPA. Is Now Protesting ACTA
uses linux. but still helps out his FRIENDS that use windows
Makes a meme. Sees that you copied it, deletes his.
Biggest party ever... . volunteers to be    designated driver
clicks on youtube video. doesn't skip ad
Sees meme with no likes. Likes it
makes meme on memegenerator.net. doesnt vote up his own meme
wins wheel of fortune. splits the prize with the other 2 contestants
doesn't like to drive over the speed limit. keeps right
PLAYS GTA. STOPS AT EVERY RED LIGHT
SEES A STUPID PICTURE OF YOU. DOESN'T TURN YOU INTO A MEME
PLAYS GTA. OBEYS TRAFFIC LAWS
loses the round. still says gg
Is hanging out with you. plays music you both like
Friend left facebook open. Didn't Write "i'm Gay" on his wall
always brings a six-pack. Always cuts up the plastic six-pack rings
Sees you afk in cod. Runs past you
plays tony hawk's pro skater 2. doesn't fly arround to get points
Doesn't believe your story. smiles anyways
Listens to A7X. Says a prayer for the REV
friend tells a joke he already heard of. laughs anyway
Loaned you Twenty dollars. never asked for it back
RUNS PEDESTRIAN OVER ON GTA. RINGS AMBULANCE
plays morrowind. never steals
Talks to lebron . doesnt bring up the 4th quarter
Takes a drunk super hot girl with him upstairs. wishes her goodnight and leaves
Asks for a cup for water. Actually gets water
Gets extra cheeseburger at drive thru. Takes it back in
Holds doors for ladies. doesn't look at their asses
YOU LEFT YOUR FACEBOOK LOGGED IN. LOGS YOU OUT.
goes on a bike ride through neighborhood. stops at every stop sign
Wants to watch a movie. rents it
Says "Cool Story, bro!". actually means it
Gets good grades. doesnt post about it on facebook
Hasn't time to clean up after party. packs you a bowl and apologizes in a little letter
Has well paid job. still votes democrat
someone farted silently. takes the blame
2000 more upvotes than scumbag steve. doesn't brag about it
Gets female starter. doesn't restart game
Asks if you can come pick him up. Pays you a full tank of gas
Opens a pack of bread. doesn't skip the first piece
Removes hardware. safely
Uses Zerg. doesn't rush
sees you left your facebook page open on his computer. logs you off without doing anything.
losses "the game". doesn't ANNOUNCE it
leaves school sick. takes homework
DOESN'T ACTUALLY WORK AT THE STORE. HELPS YOU FIND WHAT YOU WANT ANYWAY
gets invited to party. shows up on time
meets your new girlfriend. doenst think about sex with her
Plays poker. Doesnt bluff
Sees yellow light. stops
Gets mcdonalds. buys a salad
Wasn't funny. thumbs anyway
Notices an inmate drop the soap. picks it up for him
has a gay brother. helps him get laid
hears you fart. tells others he farted
smokes pot at your place. brings munchies food in his backpack
Bangs insanely Hot girl. Doesn't brag
Knows you farted. doesn't say anything
friend accidentally spills coke on new shirt. gets them another coke
About to commit suicide. Takes a shit so nobody has to clean it up
Listens to people's campaign SPEECHES for class president. voted for the best person for the job instead of friend
Has been working out for 6 months. doesn't post shirtless profile pics
Does all of the work for a project. puts your name first
Doesn't check facebook. remembers your birthday anyway
Sees Girl being harrassed by Manchildren in Online Game. Stands up for the girl and reports the harrassers
Has headphones on. people around him cant hear his music
YOU MEET TWO GIRLS WHEN YOU ARE OUT TOGETHER. PICKS THE UGLY ONE
Chuckles at post. creates account and upvotes
gOES TO UNDERGROUND GIG . INVITES YOU TO COME
install program. reads terms&amp;conditions
Sees you sneaking behind an enemy. Stops firing so you can get the KNife kill
shares video he saw on buddy's facebook. gives him credit
wikipedia blackout. goes to library
TURNS UP 4 HOURS LATE FOR WORK. STAY OVER TIME FOR 4 HOURS
has more votes than forever alone. congratulates him on making it to god tier
leaves for the weekend. opens utorrent to seed
LOVE POKEMON. HATE POKEMON GO
 I treat women like dogs. with unconditional love and affection
pisses on the toilet seat. cleans it up
NOT GAY. But respects their rights
sees you speeding. flags you that theres a cop ahead
 finds wife and best friend in bed. doesn't disturb them    and makes tea for all
friend uses horrible grammar. doesn't correct him
Plays mortal kombat. uses friendship
MEETS FEMALE. FORMS SELFLESS HUMAN CONNECTION
sees justin bieber. kills him, saves music
does what good guy greg would do. doesn't do it to be a good guy greg
Has road rage. instead of getting angry gives free driving lesson
Got Dumped at her birthday party. gave her a present anyway
scumbag steve is younger brother. warns you
BUYS BREAD. eat both ends
parents away from home. no fap
Gets done having sex with girl. Makes her a sandwich
ask for directions. he offers to drive
Takes great photos. Doesn't start photography company on Facebook
takes your daughter out. drives her home
sees a funny meme. upvotes it
See a post with no likes. Likes the post
 supports kony 2012. no one knows 
teacher marks wrong answer correct. lets her know
finds out unsecured neighbor wi-fi. helps them secure it
is atheist. still bows head at friend's dinner table for grace
Is an athiest. doesn't find the need to belittle religious people
You hand him $20 to go get a pizza. comes back with two pizzas and your $20
says cool story bro. means it
Invites you to his house.... lets you be player 1.
borrows your truck to move a couch two blocks away. returns it in 15 minutes. washed!
gets your facebook event invite. actually rsvps
learns what rick roll'd means. doesn't go on a rick rolling rampage
CATHOLIC. SUPPORTS GAY MARRIAGE
find $100 on the floor. brings it to the police station 
Special olympics on tv. doesn't change channel
plays black ops. wishes good luck to everyone befor match
wakes up still drunk. doesn't drive home
In a coma for 4 years. buys 4 presents to each friend
Finds out you're color blind. doesnt ask "What color is this?"
Goes to the gym. doesn't look in the mirror
Employs an illegal immigrant. Doesn’t take advantage of him
Finds Trash. throws it away
plays video games every day. with terminally ill children in the hospital
PLAYS ASSASSINS CREED. DOESN'T KILL CIVILIANS
Throws cigarette on the ground. steps on it, and picks it up to throw away in the trash can
too long. did read
dirty dances. doesn't put baby in the corner
IF THIS GUY BECOMEs OUR ROLE MODEL. this world would be a better place to live in
good guy greg dies. comes back to life so people wouldn't be sad
friendzoned?. helps you to find a nicer girl
sells stuff on ebay. free postage
PLAYS GTA. WAITS FOR THE LIGHT TO BECOME GREEN
Listens to music and plays xbox. turns off mic
"ok mom". actually listened to her
Sees you passed out at party. writes on your face using washable marker
ASKS FRIEND FOR ONE BITE OF HIS SANDWICH. TAKES A NORMAL BITE
Uses the last of the toilet paper. refills roll
washes hands. after masturbating
KNOWS ABOUT YOUR SHITTY HIPSTER BAND. TELLS YOU HE HASN'T HEARD OF IT ANYWAY
puts his hands in the air. actually cares
Stops on Light Signals.  in GTA 
has a birthday. thanks everyone who posted on his wall individually
Holds open the door for a girl. And, her boyfriend
Pisses on public toilet. Cleans it
SEES ROOMMATE LEFT LIGHTS ON. TURNS THEM OFF TO LOWER ELECTRIC BILL
Sees a black guy. Leaves windows down
DOWNLOads pirated game. ejoys and actually buys it
GirlFriend accidentally  farts . pretends that it didn't happen 
sees all the people going through one door. opens the second door no matter how akward it looks
Plays GTA. waits at red lights.
Talks to soldiers gf while hes at war. doesnt get her number
Meets Scumbag Steve. Beats the shit out of him
becomes a vampire. doesn't sparkle
Windows Crashes. sends error report
Using microwave late at night. stops it with one second left
Drives a drunk girl home. brings her inside and tucks her in bed
Drive past a speed trap. Flashes lights to warn you
hates justin bieber. doesn't make exaggerated remarks about his homosexuality
creates email account. reads terms and conditions
mentions something he needs before christmas. costs only 10 dollars
exams over. doesn't make a status about it
asks google a question. searches for "thank you" in a new tab
plays jenga with you. cleans it up when you loose
Finds a wallet . Returns it
bad guy in a movie. doesn't kill his own men
windows: computer needs restart. restarts computer
Hears rebecca Black's friday. Thinks it's adorable
uses urinal, no one else in men's room. still washes hands
Play pokemon red. doesn't name character faggot
sees massive forum post. doesn't quote the entire thing when replying
plans to go to bed early. goes to bed early
feels bad about forever alone guy. buys him a cat

